Documentation: Better file formats documentation (#14603)
SerenityOS/serenity: Base/usr/share/man/man5/ini.md

## Name

INI - generic config file format (.ini)

## Description

INI files serve as human-readable configuration files.

> INI files consist of key-value configuration data pairs separated by a unique group in square brackets.

Reviewer: - INI files are not inherently configuration
- The group name is optional and defaults to the empty string in our parser

```suggestion
They consist of key-value pairs separated by '=', optionally located under a unique group in square brackets.
```

Additionally, [`Userland/Libraries/LibCore/ConfigFile.cpp`](../../../../../Userland/Libraries/LibCore/ConfigFile.cpp)

> supports comments: '#' and ';' will skip entire line (as '//' in C++).

Reviewer 2: This is not complete enough; AFAIK comments are only detected when the line starts with either character and not if it includes them later on.

Author: Indeed, the logic you described is correct.
